Improve test coverage for storage classes (#2693)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: changes/2693.bugfix.rst

Implement open() for LoggingStore
LoggingStore is now a generic class.

> Add _is_open property and setter for WrapperStore

Reviewer: Since this is private API, no need to put it in the changelog (which is user facing).
```suggestion
```

Use stdout rather than stderr as the default stream for LoggingStore
Ensure that ZipStore is open before getting or setting any values

> Update equality for LoggingStore and WrapperStore such that the types must be equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update equality for LoggingStore and WrapperStore such that the type of the store they wrap must be equal for themselves to be equal.
```

Author: Your suggestion isn't comprehensive. Previously, this would not raise an error:
`assert LoggingStore(local_store: LocalStore) == local_store: LocalStore`
Now it raises an error because the types are different.

Would `Update equality for LoggingStore and WrapperStore such 'other' must also be a LoggingStore or WrapperStore respectively, rather than only checking the types of the stores they wrap.` be more clear?

Reviewer: Ah my mistake - you suggestion sounds good
